Since this kid is Chiba Construction
I let go of the past
Let you take it back today if you let Qiaoqian go
I can ignore you.
Brother Yuan, go away
Don't worry about my apprentice's strong character
It seems that it is difficult to support today
Elder Chicken not only accepts my apprentice today
If I were to take this apprentice's daughter-in-law
Take it away too
Li Xuanyu
Don't think that I am afraid of you Chiba Wanhua
I just shoot him
I can achieve Wu Wangjing
Be a true land fairy
Even at that time, your two swords merged
What can you do?
Look down on us Chiba Feihua
Let me show you today
The first thing I do after I succeed
It is to destroy your original sect
Old witch, your grandma, I gave you face
shut up
Huo Linzi
The two of them blocked Ben Tai's sacrifice and training cauldron
Kill them soon
Huo Lingzi, you dare to stop me
The master must seize this sword and apologize
Let him succeed
We all have to stay here
Destroy this altar
Take this bastard's life
You can save housewarming
Humph
I'll send you two on your way first
Master, please stop him first.
I'll destroy and punish him
Everything be careful